Improve trainer back pic-related data and code (+ smol documentation) (#6821)
rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion: docs/tutorials/how_to_trainer_front_pic.md

# How to add a new trainer front pic

## Content
* [Quick Summary](#quick-summary)
* [The Graphics](#the-graphics)
  * [1. Edit the sprites](#2-edit-the-sprites)
  * [2. Register the sprites](#2-register-the-sprites)
  * [3. Connecting pictures to the data](#2-connecting-pictures-to-the-data)
* [The Data](#the-data)
  * [4. Defining the trainer pic](#2-defining-the-trainer-pic)
* [Usage](#usage)

## Quick Summary
If you've done this before and just need a quick lookup, here's what files you need:

> 1. GFX into [`graphics/trainers/front_pics`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/graphics/trainers/front_pics).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Place graphics into [`graphics/trainers/front_pics`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/graphics/trainers/front_pics).
```

2. Point game to where graphic files are found: [`src/data/graphics/trainers`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/src/data/graphics/trainers.h).
3. Add trainer to [`include/constants/trainers.h`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/include/constants/trainers.h).

## The Graphics

### 1. Edit the sprites

> We will start with a graphic that we want to use for our new trainer pic. Unlike with adding Pokémon, the trainer sprites aren't sorted in individual folders, but rather in one folder: [`graphics/trainers/front_pics`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/graphics/trainers/front_pics).
> 
> **Remember to limit yourself to 16 colors including transparency in the first slot!**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will start with a graphic that we want to use for our new trainer pic. Unlike with adding Pokémon, the trainer sprites aren't sorted in individual folders, but rather in one folder: [`graphics/trainers/front_pics`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/graphics/trainers/front_pics). **Trainers sprites cannot be more than 16 - this includes the color that will be transparent, which is the first slot of the palette.**
```

     {                                                                          \
         .frontPic = {picFile, TRAINER_PIC_SIZE, trainerPic},                   \
         .palette = {paletteFile, trainerPic},                                  \
         .mugshotCoords = {DEFAULT(0, __VA_ARGS__), DEFAULT_2(0, __VA_ARGS__)}, \
         .mugshotRotation = DEFAULT_3(0x200, __VA_ARGS__),                      \
     }

 const struct TrainerSprite gTrainerSprites[] =
 {
     TRAINER_SPRITE(TRAINER_PIC_HIKER, gTrainerFrontPic_Hiker, gTrainerPalette_Hiker),
     TRAINER_SPRITE(TRAINER_PIC_AQUA_GRUNT_M, gTrainerFrontPic_AquaGruntM, gTrainerPalette_AquaGruntM),
     ...
     TRAINER_SPRITE(TRAINER_PIC_RS_MAY, gTrainerFrontPic_RubySapphireMay, gTrainerPalette_RubySapphireMay),
+    TRAINER_SPRITE(TRAINER_PIC_NEW_ONE, gTrainerFrontPic_NewOne, gTrainerPalette_NewOne),
 };
```
### The Data
#### 4. Defining the trainer pic
Finally, let's bring it all together by defining our new trainer pic in [`include/constants/trainers.h`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/include/constants/trainers.h):

```diff
 #define TRAINER_PIC_RS_MAY                92

> +#define TRAINER_PIC_NEW_ONE               93

Reviewer: Curious what @AlexOn1ine thinks, but is there any reason this can't be an enum?

Reviewer 2: I don't think there is any reason for it not to be an enum

Author: I agree it could be an enum instead, however I'm not sure if it is in-scope here

Reviewer: I don't feel strongly if this PR includes it.
I _do_ feel strongly that if you don't do it, please open a feature request to do it so we can track it.

 #define TRAINER_BACK_PIC_BRENDAN                0
 #define TRAINER_BACK_PIC_MAY                    1
```
Remember to count the number next to the trainer pic up by one!

## Usage

> You can test your trainer type by going to [`src/data/trainers.party`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/src/data/trainers.party) and change the `Pic` field. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can test your trainer type by going to [`src/data/trainers.party`](https://github.com/rh-hideout/pokeemerald-expansion/blob/master/src/data/trainers.party) and change the `Pic` field. The syntax should match the constant (`TRAINER_PIC_NEW_ONE`) with the underscore replaced by spaces. For example:
```
